AWS S3 Storage Backend Service implementation (#360)
repository-service-tuf/repository-service-tuf-worker: docs/source/guide/Docker_README.md

Available types:

* `LocalStorage` (container volume)
* `AWSS3` (AWS S3)

##### `LocalStorage` (container volume)

* (Required) ``RSTUF_LOCAL_STORAGE_BACKEND_PATH``

  - Define the directory where the data will be saved, example: `storage`

##### `AWSS3` (AWS S3)

* (Required) ``RSTUF_AWSS3_STORAGE_REGION``

  The name of the region associated with the S3.

* (Required) ``RSTUF_AWSS3_STORAGE_BUCKET``

  The name of the region associated with the S3.

* (Required) ``RSTUF_AWSS3_STORAGE_ACCESS_KEY``

  The access key to use when creating the client session to the S3.

  This environment variable supports container secrets when the ``/run/secrets``
  volume is added to the path.
  Example: `RSTUF_AWSS3_STORAGE_ACCESS_KEY=/run/secrets/S3_ACCESS_KEY`

* (Required) ``RSTUF_AWSS3_STORAGE_SECRET_KEY``

  The secret key to use when creating the client session to the S3.

  This environment variable supports container secrets when the ``/run/secrets``
  volume is added to the path.

>   Example: `RSTUF_AWSS3_STORAGE_ACCESS_KEY=/run/secrets/S3_SECRET_KEY`

Author: As we also discussed in a call

We have our environment variables to avoid sending the RSTUF user to external documentation (`boto3`) to set up our service.

Also, we support all other environment variables under the roots by default. [I documented it in another commit to make it clear.](https://github.com/repository-service-tuf/repository-service-tuf-worker/blob/a3104d25a9633ef0612aeb6da708901f13c34ea1/docs/source/guide/Docker_README.md#awss3-aws-s3)

I also think the sslib should support their `**kwargs` directly or use the `from_priv_key_uri`, but this discussion we can keep there.

Available types:

* `LocalStorage` (container volume)
* `AWSS3` (AWS S3)

##### `LocalStorage` (container volume)

* (Required) ``RSTUF_LOCAL_STORAGE_BACKEND_PATH``

  - Define the directory where the data will be saved, example: `storage`

##### `AWSS3` (AWS S3)

* (Required) ``RSTUF_AWSS3_STORAGE_BUCKET``

  The name of the region associated with the S3.

* (Required) ``RSTUF_AWSS3_STORAGE_ACCESS_KEY``

  The access key to use when creating the client session to the S3.

  This environment variable supports container secrets when the ``/run/secrets``
  volume is added to the path.
  Example: `RSTUF_AWSS3_STORAGE_ACCESS_KEY=/run/secrets/S3_ACCESS_KEY`

* (Required) ``RSTUF_AWSS3_STORAGE_SECRET_KEY``

  The secret key to use when creating the client session to the S3.

  This environment variable supports container secrets when the ``/run/secrets``
  volume is added to the path.
  Example: ``RSTUF_AWSS3_STORAGE_ACCESS_KEY=/run/secrets/S3_SECRET_KEY``

> * (Optional) ``RSTUF_AWSS3_STORAGE_REGION``

Author: Maybe we don't need mention boto3 here (yet)

  The name of the region associated with the S3.

* (Optional) ``RSTUF_AWSS3_STORAGE_ENDPOINT_URL``

>   The complete URL to use for the constructed client. Normally, it is
>   automatically construct the appropriate URL to use when communicating with a
>   service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The complete URL to use for the constructed client. Normally, the
  client automatically constructs the appropriate URL to use when
  communicating with a service.
```
